>> LILOU: Hello, my
delicious co-creators.
This is Lilou here
on the road in Miami,
but this time
Miami is not sunny.
Because yesterday
I did a great video
with Ocean Drive
and the full sun,
but now this is also part
of the weather, and it's OK.
We also have in life our hard
moments, and it's part of life,
huh?
>> GABRIELLE ORR: And it's
not even a hard moment.
It's rain, and
that's the reason why
it's so luscious and green here
and warm, so we're loving it.
>> LILOU: Yes.
>> ORR: Thank you
for having me, Lilou.
>> LILOU: Thank you for
accepting to do this interview.
I really enjoy and I
know a lot of the people
here watching the
videos at Gaiam
love this topic too,
the Akashic Records.
But you have a
different spin on it
or a different
point of view, and I
like to bring those those
thoughts in the conversation
and for us to know also, because
there is some things that-- we
hear so many things
about this topic.
What is, for you,
the Akashic Records?
Let's just start there.
How do you view it?
What is your perception on it?
>> ORR: Mm hmm.
I like to bring a practical
approach to the Akashic Records
and not to take the mystical
out but to take the unachievable
out.
So it's our birthright to
communicate with the Akashic
Records.
And the way I see
the Akashic Records,
it's a multi-dimensional field,
and it communicates with us.
It interacts with us.
Most people today still
interact with it in a way
that they receive
information in their dreams
or through a spiritual
practice, in a sweat lodge,
or they have what we
would call an epiphany
and they receive
information from that.
I want to teach people,
or I'm teaching people,
how to access the Akashic
Records on purpose,
meaning really creating a
communication with that energy
field.
And to do it, I use a prayer
to access the Akashic Records.
It's called the Pathway Prayer.
It will help us to align our
energy field to the energy
field of the Akashic Records
to make that connection
and have an actual
communication.
>> LILOU: So it's like we're
getting in the different
dimension, so our vibration
needs to go higher.
Is that why there's this prayer,
to kind of be welcomed also,
I guess?
>> ORR: Yes.
Our vibration-- we
don't necessarily
have to go into a different
dimensional field,
but our vibration will raise
up to the eighth chakra
and sometimes higher where
we can make the connection.
Actually, I have a little
story to tell about that.
Many years ago-- and I was
already an Akashic Record
consultant, but I wasn't
teaching at that time--
I had a time in my life
where I didn't feel so great.
And usually, I go in
the Records every day.
And at that period
of time, I didn't
go in the Akashic Records
maybe for two weeks.
And then finally I sat down
and I made the connection,
and right away, before I
could ask any questions,
they said to me, you
don't have to do the work.
You just have to be willing
to communicate with us,
and we will meet
you where you are.
So no, we don't have to go into
a different dimensional field.
We can stay human, because
that's our purpose right now,
to make our experiences
on this field
and we live on this level.
But we can get to
a level where we
can have more access
to consciousness,
and that is how I like to
use the Akashic Records.
>> LILOU: When you say
they, who are they?
Because it seems like
we're also part of it, no?
Is it universal
consciousness too?
>> ORR: No, that's
a good question.
And when I say they, I refer
to the masters and teachers
in the Akashic Records.
These are entities
and beings who
hold a very high vibrational
level of unconditional love
and light.
Some of them we would describe
as angels or archangels,
and some of them are even from
different planetary systems.
When I asked them, in
preparation for the book
and for interviews, on how they
would like me to describe who's
in the Akashic Records,
they showed me a movie,
and then at the end you
see the credits going down.
And they said, there are the
two or three top on the credits,
the people you know.
It's an actor,
producer, director.
But then all the others
you don't know by name,
and you just see, oh, they
are involved in the camera
equipment or audio equipment.
And they're saying
it's exactly like that.
There are lots of lots of
entities in the Akashic
Records, and what
we need to remember
is the energy and
the purpose they
have rather than specific names.
But as humans, we like
to categorize and label
so we can understand
with our intellect,
and they work with
us on that level.
For example, I personally,
when I go in the Records,
I don't communicate with
one specific entity.
I can feel many entities,
but they speak as one to me.
When I talk to clients or
even when I teach classes,
entities do come through.
There's Jesus coming
through, Maria, Buddha,
any religion, angels,
it doesn't matter.
And I asked them why do
you present the information
through this entity,
and they're saying
because it's meaningful
to the other person.
>> LILOU: How is
that different, then,
than channeling or intuition?
Because it seems like you're
channeling some kind of voice.
>> ORR: It is channeling.
It's not different
from channeling.
It is channeling.
Different from
intuition in that sense
is that we get
psychic information
when we access the
Akashic Records.
Even so, my main focus
is not on wowing people,
but the psychic information
does comes through.
And then intuition, you
usually get a gut feeling.
Is this right for me, yes or no?
Should I follow
through with that?
We don't get that
clarity of information.
I had a client
once, and she asked
about a friend who
had passed away.
And they immediately-- she
wanted to know if he's fine.
And they immediately
showed me a man,
and they described
him: tall, skinny.
And then they showed
me his hand and they
were five lines coming, like
Edward with the scissor-hands
a little bit, like five lines
coming out of his fingers.
And I thought that this weird.
I've never seen that like this.
So I described it
to her, and I said
it looks like he has
five lines in his hand,
and she says, oh, that's him.
Oh, and the other thing they
showed me was a walking stick.
And she said oh,
yeah, that's him.
He had five shih tzus, and
he would walk with them,
and he used to use
his stick to put them
in lines if they would go crazy.
So for her, that was
a very meaningful
because she could
relate to that.
I had no idea what it meant.
But that is something that
comes through which you usually
don't get when you have
intuition, you know?
>> LILOU: Mm hmm.
And the purpose for
getting this information
is to help us on a
day-to-day or really liberate
maybe past memories
or past lives?
Or what is it?
Could we be stuck with
something, really?
>> ORR: Actually,
all of the above.
For me, the main
purpose is to help us--
I include myself in that-- to
be aligned with our soul purpose
as much as possible.
And in the process
of that, we want
to let go of things that
don't serve us anymore,
overcome blockages that
are holding us back,
that are confining
us, and getting
into a different
level of energy that
will move us from
survival to thriving.
And most people really
still live on survival.
How do I pay the next
rent or the next mortgage?
And even if they
don't have that,
they are thinking ahead
on how they can always
secure themselves.
We cannot have come here to
always live in fear and just
think about how we
can create security.
>> LILOU: No, but
it seems so real.
>> ORR: It does.
But then how many
examples can you
give where people had
all of the security
and then it didn't
work out at the end?
You know?
So there is no real
security on the outside
unless it is supported
from the inside.
>> LILOU: Ideally, where do you
think we can be as human beings
having this human experience?
How could we be or what
is the optimum kind
of stage or ideal where we
can fully live completely
our potential and
feeling free and happy?
>> ORR: One word
would be balance.
It has to be in balance.
Yes, we came here.
We are here because we want
to have a human experience,
so we cannot neglect that and
just focus on the spiritual
development.
But the balance, it
has to be a balance.
Find something in your
life that makes you thrive,
that gives you excitement, that
is a purpose for you to get up
in the morning and
move ahead and evolve
and change and create a
different mindset from you.
In other words, if you're
in 10 years from now
the same person you are today,
you kind of missed something.
You want to be part
of that evolution.
And I think that is the main
reason of why we are here
and what we want to
contribute to this journey,
to be part of this
evolution on the inside
as well as on the outside.
So create a balance
in your life.
Don't just focus only
on the one or the other.
>> LILOU: Do they
speak of this oneness?
>> ORR: They do.
>> LILOU: Because we keep
on hearing it, you know?
You have to feel-- and we have
right now big planes here.
There's lots of noise
in big cities like that,
you know, planes, trains, rain.
It's just what it is, right?
You probably can hear it.
And actually in a
few days, yeah, I'm
flying back out to Europe.
This reminds me that this is
very precious moment with you.
So yes.
So how can we?
What was my question?
>> ORR: Your question was
do they speak of oneness?
>> LILOU: Yes.
>> ORR: They do.
They speak of oneness in the
sense of-- in different ways.
Number one would
be they don't want
us to feel disconnected or
alone or live in separation.
And the separation doesn't
mean that you live alone
with 500 cats.
The separation can
also happen internally.
So yes, they want
us to understand
that we are part of
a bigger picture,
that we are part of the cosmic
community, but I also hear--
>> LILOU: That we matter?
>> ORR: That we matter.
We are very important.
Actually, this is perfect
that you say that.
There is one part of the class
where they give a message
and they say to the
students you are
so important to
this whole picture,
and that's why you are here.
We wouldn't be here
if we wouldn't matter.
We are so loved.
That's why we are here.
This is special.
This is not a punishment.
This is a special
opportunity for us
to experience life
in a different form.
And yes, we are one, but
we are also individuals.
And we have to, again,
create a balance
between both of these things.
I hear them more
talking about if you
want to ask about the
collective consciousness
and what they talk-- the
messages I'm receiving more
is about letting go of all
of these rules we are having.
OK?
These rules that keep people
confined in their problems,
in their limiting beliefs
and don't let them
become who they really could be.
Like look at you.
You live a life that
is not the ordinary.
You live a life because you are
aligned with your soul purpose.
You don't follow the rules of
society or family or anything
like that.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
>> ORR: You enjoy
what you're doing,
and it comes through in your
work, in your juiciness.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
There's no guidebook for-- I
feel that when we're living
just our bliss--
>> ORR: You created
your own rule book.
And that's the
message I'm receiving
more and more from them.
Let go of the rules.
There is so much more out
there than you can comprehend.
And you have to make yourself
open to the possibility
that what you are
living by right now
might not make sense in 10 years
from now or 5 years from now,
so be open.
And that means that openness
has to come from our heart too.
And that's where the
oneness fits in again,
to really embrace each
other and look at each other
how we fit together and what
is our purpose here together,
then trying to work it
out for yourself only.
>> LILOU: Is there some other
lessons or some things that
come on a regular basis you
find in the sessions or while
teaching others that
are kind of recurrent?
They keep on coming back,
and it seems like some of us
are really incarnated back
here on Earth because there
is this kind of big chunk,
or these type of lessons
to understand.
>> ORR: Mm hmm.
That's a good question.
At first, I would say no,
because the answers are
very individual, depending on
that person's soul purpose.
But then I would have
to answer with yes,
because as we move through
the layers of things that
are going on with an
individual, the foundation
is unconditional love.
So yes, every individual has
to work out their own causes
and effects on why
they are where they are
and where they would like to
be, but the foundation of that
is unconditional love.
And that message comes
through for everybody.
>> LILOU: So learning how to
love ourselves and to just do
things unconditionally?
>> ORR: Yes.
And even more, learning that you
are loved and what that means.
You know?
Because we are always
going to, as human beings,
we're going to move in and
out of unconditional love,
just like we inhale and exhale.
It's not meant to be on
one level all the time
because we live from paradox.
We live from opposites.
But from their
perspective, they don't
have to live by our rules or
regulations or understanding.
There is really just
acceptance, unconditional love.
You can't do anything wrong.
You are here to evolve.
You are here because
you are loved.
You are here because you
have something to give.
We don't want to forget that.
Everybody has something
to contribute.
It doesn't matter
on what level it is.
>> LILOU: So I like
the word birthright,
because you're saying
in your books, you know,
this is our birthright,
to tap in this knowledge,
to tap in these Akashic Records
so that we have the support we
need.
It's part of kind of the tools,
huh, the tool box to help us?
>> ORR: Yes.
It's part of our tool box.
Now birthright also means we
have a birthright to breathe.
So it's given.
You don't usually think about
it unless you have a condition.
So we inhale.
We exhale.
They're saying it's
exactly like that.
We want to make sure
that you are always
coming from that
energy, that you always
can draw back to that energy.
So from that perspective,
it's our birthright.
The way I want to--
would like to see people
using this is by accessing
their own Akashic Records
and getting the
information they need,
getting the energy
they need to create
a shift in their perception
and in their life
so they are aligned with
a different energy field.
Because usually most people come
from something they don't want.
Very few people come
from something they like
and they want to increase.
And even fewer people
come from, oh, I'm happy.
Can you just play with me?
So most people who come to
me want to change something.
And that is your
birthright, too.
You are not here to suffer.
You didn't come
here to live in pain
or be depressed or overeat.
There are reasons for why you
do that, and you can change it.
And yes, your birthright
is to find that,
to not have to live 40, 60,
80 years in that energy field.
>> LILOU: Is there a question
or something that we can ask
ourselves to tap into
this quite easily,
even though if we haven't
read the whole book?
And I know there's
some techniques,
and you need to do
the specific prayer
or have the knowledge to
really go in there yourself.
And you explain it in your book.
But is there something that we
can do, little practices here
and there to have an idea of
what these Akashic Records are
trying to tell us on
that specific day?
>> ORR: Mm hmm.
Yes.
So it's very simple.
Once you know how to
access the Akashic Records,
it takes not even a
minute to do that, OK?
So the way I have
my classes set up
is that I want to prove to
people that they are actually
accessing the Akashic Records.
So I have specific
exercises created
they will answer or
work with before we
go in the Akashic Records.
And by the way, the book
is set up the same way.
And then after that, when
we go and I explain to them
how we access the
Akashic Records, how
we say the prayer,
what process we use,
we will do the same
exercises again.
And they can feel a
difference in that energy.
Number one, before they know
how to access the Akashic
Records and the questions
I give them, they usually
answer with questions.
So instead of actually
answering the question,
they are answering
the question as
if they want to gain
more information,
and they use the
pronoun I. And also you
can tell that they are using
the same quality of language
as they use in their own life.
When we are going in
the Akashic Records--
and first we do a
few other exercises
just to align the energy with
them and the Akashic Records--
but when we get
to these exercises
and we ask actually the same
questions, all of a sudden
they are receiving answers that
are answering the questions
they've written down
for the first exercise.
So that is always
mind-blowing to me.
And it doesn't happen
just sometimes.
It happens all the time.
So if someone writes down "I
want to know my life purpose,
I want to know how I can show my
daughter more that I love her,"
afterwards when they are
in the Akashic Records,
they are getting the
answers for the questions
they wrote down before.
And also the pronoun changes.
It moves from I to you.
So someone is clearly
talking to you.
And then there are
physical sensations.
I want to say 85% of the
people feel an energy
field above their
head, and it feels
like cotton candy pushing
down on your head.
It's light and heavy
at the same time.
So that is a physical sensation.
When I teach Skype classes,
the moment we open the prayer,
the energy changes, and it
creates a static via Skype.
And it doesn't happen sometimes.
It happens all the time.
So this is always
mind-blowing to me
to see that these
things actually work.
>> LILOU: Especially
for a German mind.
Because you have this
dual citizenship,
so there is this rigor.
At what moment were you
actually blown away by this
and you're like, OK, this
is the way I'm going?
>> ORR: OK.
Well, I did grow up in Germany.
I lived there until I was 21.
And yes, for a German mindset,
that was, you would say,
unusual.
Even so, I have to say, I teach
a lot of classes in Germany,
and they are super open to that.
>> LILOU: It's one of the
countries, I've heard,
that's most open in Europe.
>> ORR: I am so surprised,
the resonance that is in this
country.
They just soak everything
up like a dry sponge,
in Europe in general.
But I really-- I learned
the Akashic Records,
how to connect with
on purpose through that same
process as I'm teaching it now.
I refined it and I added
things so I can prove people
on how to access-- that they
accessing the Akashic Records,
but I use the same prayer as
the way when I learned it.
But when I opened up my
records the first time,
it took me back to an
experience I had as a child.
I grew up with-- I was born
with hips that were not aligned,
so I had five surgeries until
the age of 18, hip surgeries,
to align the hips.
And I remember every time when
I would go under anesthesia
and you lie on this
metal table and it's
cold and uncomfortable,
I felt so much love,
and I would see these
beings dressed in white.
And they were just
comforting me,
and they were standing behind
the surgeons showing me
that everything would be fine.
And I didn't know
what to do with it.
So then fast forward
35 years later.
I accessed the Akashic
Records through this process,
and the moment I
said the prayer,
I saw all of these beings
and I recognized them.
And all they said was
welcome home, my child.
And I started to cry
because, at that moment,
I never had to question it.
I felt it.
I knew it was real.
I didn't need to
have any more proof.
But I understand that
our intellect constantly
wants proof.
Even if we had 10
times proof already,
we still want more proof.
So that's why I designed it
that there is some proof to it.
And it's nice to see that proof
and to see the reactions to it.
>> LILOU: Mm hmm.
>> ORR: You know?
>> LILOU: Gregg
Braden speaks of it.
I know there's a lot of DVDs and
interviews with him on Gaiam TV
too.
So you were inspired, I guess,
by some of these researchers,
if we can say, to
give scientific proof
or a researcher's
proof behind all this.
>> ORR: Yes.
I always loved science.
I guess that's where my
German mind kicks in.
I always liked to
see that science
can prove that
this field exists.
They haven't really found
one common name for it yet.
Some people call it the A-field,
other the matrix, or just
the field.
And there are wonderful books
written about it, actually,
even by-- what's the author's
name who wrote "The Field?
>> LILOU: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Lynne McTaggert, yeah,
that I've interviewed.
She's on there.
There's many-- yeah.
>> ORR: Yes.
That book is just mind-blowing.
And this is scientific
research on this field.
Like Gregg Braden,
for example, says
that this field has existed
before the Big Bang.
It is everywhere all of the
time, and it interacts with us.
It has intelligence.
And that's really
what I want people
to remember if they
are not into science.
Science can prove that
this field exists.
It's everywhere all of the time.
It was here before existence,
and it has intelligence.
It's not just a library where
we go and get information.
It is something that
really cares about us
and interacts with us.
It's not like Google.
When you give
something into Google,
let's say I would give in Lilou,
I get a lot of information
back, but it doesn't
interact with me.
It doesn't say, oh, did you
mean Lilou Mace from France?
You know?
It doesn't interact
with me and give
me help to get to
where I need to be.
So that is the difference.
And this field wants
us to live in harmony
with who we came here to be.
>> LILOU: What do you think
of past, present, future?
Is it actually-- Do
you access past lives?
>> ORR: Yes.
Actually, the
Akashic Records are
really famous for past lives
or information from past lives,
mainly probably because
Edgar Cayce made
it famous with
his readings even.
So when you study his work,
you recognize that even
he was very much focused on the
now and how he can help people
in that moment rather than
going too much into past lives.
I work with past lives
in the Akashic Records.
Even so, I understand
more and more
that there are no past lives
in the sense of timeline,
that they're 500 years ago
and everything goes linear.
I come more and more
to the understanding
that it all happens now.
However, there are
experiences on other levels
that we have made and that
have left an impression
on us or it disabled
us in some way
that we need to learn to
overcome so we can move on
with where we are today.
I remember a client
who came to me,
and she had a passion
for harps, OK?
She owned one.
And harps are expensive.
They're like $20,000 and up.
And she had a car just for
the purpose of her harp
so she could drive
the harp around.
And she practiced
every day, but she
said I don't feel
a passion for it.
I know I have to have
the harp in my life.
I like the sound, I
like that I can play it,
but I don't have a passion for
it, and I'm not really good.
>> LILOU: Sounds like
I am stuck with a harp,
and I don't know what
to do about it, huh?
>> ORR: Exactly.
So she in her reading,
they immediately
showed her in a past life, what
we would describe as past life,
she's a little girl in a bed
in a dark room in a corner,
and she's sick.
She has a contagious disease.
And the mother's not allowed to
go to her and take care of her.
But the mother,
to show her love,
is sitting in the corner of
the room playing the harp.
So the little girl
knew the mom is there,
and she associated the sound
of the harp and the harp
with love, unconditional
love from her mother.
So for me, that is
just information,
because I didn't
have that experience.
But my client immediately
said, oh my god, that's it.
And just for her to
get that puzzle piece
and put it into
her puzzle helped
her to let go of her
obsession and to be
able to deal with other
things in her life
so she wouldn't have to
just be focused on the harp.
She still enjoys it.
She still has it.
But it's not a major
factor in her life anymore.
In other words,
she has substituted
the love she received
from her harp
with other sources of
love she focuses on now.
And that's how past life
information does come through.
That's how we can use it and
implement it in our life today.
>> LILOU: Yeah.
Because it might not
always be easy to know
what to do with
this information.
It's like, OK?
Or there's immediately usually--
>> ORR: The harp?
>> LILOU: No, no, no.
Not the harp, in other examples.
Like we receive all of
a sudden information,
and it's like what do
I do with this now?
It's, like, in my present now,
I'm aware of it, and what now?
>> ORR: I want to say, 85% of
the time people really resonate
with it, even so for me.
If I get the
information, it doesn't
click because it has
nothing to do with me.
But people, you can see they
have an emotional reaction
to it, and they know it's true.
And when you really
know it's true
is that it changes
something in their life.
They are able to let go
of something and move on.
That's when you know it's true.
I personally don't
focus too much on it.
If I access the Akashic
Records, my questions
are not formulated to
just go into past lives.
If it happens, if it comes
up, I'll work with it,
but I don't focus on it.
I focus on what's going
on with your alignment
today, for myself
and for my clients.
But it is important for us to
remember that things affect us
from a past lifetime.
>> LILOU: Is there ways to
receive this information
and then do something so we can
kind of slip in there another
information to have a better
life right now without doing
much?
Is there a way to also kind
of respond back immediately
to the field so that
we have a different--
>> ORR: Absolutely.
>> LILOU: --like changing
part of this hard drive?
>> ORR: Absolutely.
And actually, that's a
very important question.
When we work within
the Akashic Records
and we work on letting go
of boundaries, of problems,
of blockages, that's
just one small part
of the whole process.
Once we let go of that, we have
to put something new in there.
We have to get our human
manifestation, our brain
into a new direction,
and that information
comes through from them, too.
They will give us information on
how to change our energy today
so we can actually move on.
One of my most
favorite examples would
be the woman they sent shopping.
[LAUGHS] This woman
was very wealthy,
but she didn't spend
money on herself.
She helped other people.
She supported the whole
family, nieces and nephews.
But herself, it
was very difficult
for her to spend
money on herself.
And she lives in Miami.
So they asked her to go
three times shopping,
and she had to go to
Bal Harbour, which
is the most expensive
mall here in this area.
So the first time,
she was not allowed
to take a credit
card or cash, just
like $10 for a cup
of coffee, but she
had to go into all the
stores and touch everything.
>> LILOU: So those were the
instructions you received?
>> ORR: Yes.
>> LILOU: My god,
that's pretty precise.
>> ORR: Very precise.
She had to go into the Gucci
store, the Louis Vuitton store,
touch it, feel it, look at the
craftsmanship and everything.
I think they even told
her how long the break was
in between the
shopping adventures,
but I don't remember
that exactly.
It was a few weeks.
Then the second
time she was allowed
to take her credit
card and her cash,
but she was not allowed
to purchase anything.
She was just window shopping.
And the third time she was
allowed to buy something,
if she wished.
Now I told her the
information just
like I'm telling it to you now,
and I didn't feel an emotion
with it because it
wasn't my issue.
She called me after the
first time crying in the car,
and she said, I'm having a
panic attack just looking
at these things knowing
that the third time
I have to buy something.
And that was important for her
to move through that energy.
She knew she couldn't
buy anything.
She didn't have any
way to pay for it.
She didn't take it with her.
But just that idea put
her in a state of panic.
And then the second time she
went, she said I had a blast.
I enjoyed it.
I actually didn't think
anymore it was ridiculous.
The prices were more
comfortable to me.
And then the third time,
she did buy something.
And so what she did with that
process was not only letting
go of her own pattern
by taking action,
but she actually went
through the whole process
so the next time she doesn't
have to do it anymore.
It just feels natural to her.
And I love that story.
That was really moving for her.
But for someone who
doesn't have that problem,
it doesn't feel deep.
>> LILOU: Because she knew
it was a problem for her.
That's why she came to see you.
>> ORR: Well, she came to see
me because she had physical
issues.
But the physical issues
were a manifestation
of her over-giving.
She had problems in her
ovaries, and she just
was over-giving constantly, and
her body was reacting to that.
So they told her
what it was that she
needs to learn to
take care of herself,
and then they showed
her how to do that.
It's one thing to tell you
you have to eat healthy,
but there are so many
things to choose from.
What is really healthy
for you to eat?
So they're showing you
go through these steps.
And that's what
they did with her.
And not only did she
go through the process
of taking care of herself.
Also the issues with
her ovaries went away.
Nice side effect.
Yeah.
>> LILOU: Is there some times
when the soul or, I guess,
it's just not the time to
give any kind of information,
like there's nothing
that goes through,
or the person just doesn't hear
it or it's just not the right
time?
We try sometimes to
force things, you know?
>> ORR: I want to
say yes and no.
There is usually, I want to say,
when people align themselves
with the energy, that they even
hear of it, that they watch
this video, that
they pick up a book,
they are already in alignment
with it, and it clicks.
Sometimes-- and I've had that
a few times, not very often,
is when someone is under the
influence of recreational drugs
or alcohol, it does
affect their energy field,
and I don't get anything.
So I've had--
>> LILOU: And that's a big
issue, especially in the US,
everywhere around the world.
But the drugs are
even what doctors
give, the pills to not get
angry or to be happier.
>> ORR: Well, yes.
But I really feel
more if it's by choice
rather than if it's
a prescription.
Because, again, it's
an intention behind it.
So I've had-- I have
only once had someone
taking a class with me, and
the first day she did great.
Usually it's a two-day class.
The first day she did great,
and the second day she
didn't get anything.
And I asked them,
what's going on?
And they showed me beer bottles.
And I said, did you have
a little party last night?
She denied it, but her
niece was in the class too,
and she said, oh,
come on, admit it.
And then she said, yeah, I did.
We had a happy hour.
And that was OK.
She came back another time when
her intentions were stronger,
and there was no problem
for her to do it.
And she went through
all of the levels.
So it's not that
someone can't do it.
It's more that are you really
ready for it right now?
Do you want to do it?
Yes.
>> LILOU: And sometimes
there's this sabotage that we
experience as human beings.
We want to, but we do
something to just prevent it.
What's that about?
What do they say?
What is that?
>> ORR: It's about getting to
a different level of comfort.
And you see that
even in psychology,
but I do get the information
really from them.
It's like people grew
up in an environment,
and they set their comfort
level to that experience.
Now there is this
thriving within them
that wants something else,
but their limitations
are set on this is what's
comfortable for me.
It even goes to money.
Why do people make every month
the same amount of money?
Because that's
their comfort level.
Now consciously they won't say
this is where I'm comfortable.
I want more.
But they are setting
themself up for this limit.
It can be positive or negative,
depending on how much it is
and what you want.
So they are showing
us that we are really
connected to a universe
of infinite possibilities.
And we don't grow up with
that belief, usually.
So we are growing
up with a belief
that we are limited, that
only specific choices are
available to us.
And the sad thing is
we start to believe it,
and it integrates in
our subconscious level,
and then that's the boundaries
we always hit against.
So that's what you
probably described
as we go two steps
forward, one step back.
But eventually, we will, whether
people are in the Akashic
Records or not, people usually
overcome their limitations when
they really get tired
of it, when they really
say I can't deal
with it anymore,
when they start to surrender.
And in the Akashic
Records, we can
ask, what is it that
I need to know today
to go beyond this limitation?
Show it to me.
Show me an image.
Where can I be in
a year from now,
and what do I need to
do today to get there?
And it's important that we learn
how to ask the right questions,
because questions
carry an energy.
And depending on how
much energy we offer,
that's how much energy
we also get back.
>> LILOU: Is there something
important to say within this
conversation that you feel we
haven't said that would good
to share right now?
>> ORR: The message I'm
receiving more and more from
them through readings for
individuals, in classes,
but in general as well is--
and that fits, actually,
really well-- is we have to
let go of all these rules.
We are living by too many rules
that are not really rules.
There are made-up,
rules how we have
to behave in our
relationships, rules
on how we have to deal
with our finances,
rules on who we are going
to be when we are older,
what kind of security
level do we need.
And these rules are
really limiting.
They are not freeing.
They are set to make us
free and give us options,
but they limit us in our
way on how we look at life.
And then they are asking
me to write the next book
on spiritual intelligence
and on letting go of rules.
So that is the message
I'm getting more and more
from them, learning to look
at life from the perspective
of spiritual
intelligence, and that
means we have to
let go of rules.
>> LILOU: Yes.
Let the miracle
happen every day.
>> ORR: [LAUGHS] Yes.
And live it.
You know?
Live in this miracle.
Don't just look for it.
Live it.
Enjoy it.
Be that miracle.
Look at you.
To me, I've just met you,
but I can immediately
tell that you made your
own rules for your life.
And it's not by what to do but
that you have that energy that
is in alignment with
your soul purpose.
This is what you breathe in.
You are not doing it.
You are it.
And that's what we need
to get to, that we are it.
Nobody needs any
tools or modalities.
We already are it.
We're just using these tools or
modalities or even this prayer
as a stepping stone to get
more into the purpose of it.
>> LILOU: Beautiful.
Thank you so much, Gabrielle.
Thank you for your
book, "Akashic Records,
One True Love."
I love it.
Thank you.
>> ORR: Thank you.
Thank you so much, Lilou.
My pleasure.
>> LILOU: And thank you to all
delicious co-creators watching
this video.
Thank you for
commenting, adding some--
There's a whole conversation
happening underneath.
And please, I would love to hear
your thoughts on all of this
and what we just spoke of.
Thank you so much.
>> ORR: Thank you.
>> LILOU: Big, big kisses.